all the girls who want to have
colored hair or colors but
who are in mode I do not care about
my hair the concept of coloring
or fading is not about having
a cut to the bruce willis
it's the crown way briand he
shines because there is no heating
on it so here's a must know this
we want
hello friends I hope you go
well I find you today for
to talk to you about my hair so it's dated
I have to offer this video recently
moment since march
yes anyway then so it will be a
very fast video to explain you my
hair color
keep in mind that the base I had
it was a base blonde so for that
who wanted what they want to know the
color that I had before I you
would put somewhere on the video when
I'm talking about my color whether it's my
last blond because I had is
clear if my hair has december or
for my red locks
they were made by the so-called sites
Natural and over which is super awesome
I invite you to go lay and his page
Facebook
it's a girl who is really great
gifted she has a lot of talent i love
a lot what she did I wanted
of change so I want to do
red but without removing my side
blonde hair
so I asked leslie to
make me red highlights while
leaving blond locks
so this is a particular result but
it's basically what I asked him
and I really like
I really like you look at me ivory
red and I do not know that the wind
going through my hair to make a
hairstyle and see where my wicks
blondes
in fact it makes me happy no I like
really this two-color side that a lot
of people can not find weird
according to the hairstyle that I can wear
but me that's what I wanted here
so here I have red streaks a little
everywhere for example here I have when
even blonde locks
I even see red mechs
it's quite nuanced I like
a lot the rendering of the two mixed so
as color I have three quarters of
clear chestnut deep red and e cards
intense red blonde
this is the mix of
two so that it goes with my base
blonde then I have not done any
refreshment of my color that has
already many gorges and since
I do not do them in March
but if I do it it will be with the gloss
eugene perma so in fact these are
gloss that is exposed and 20 minutes later
the shampoo and then we stay here
we make his routine go to start chain
no matter what you want so for
the moment I have not realized yet
color because I do not know if I
will leave my hair red or six
will wait for the color of the gorges
throats gorges maximum for
find blond below I do not know
not yet what I had done or if I
am going to make a kind of chocolate
o'byrne red way I do not know I do not
do not know I do not know yet what I
will do
in any case I am really very
happy with the result and the color of
my head all that stuff
many of you ask me who I am
see possibly to cut me
hair or for my color that kind of
things there I'm redirecting you naturally
to 10 10 so here is against small
asterix if you want to get in touch
with her
alas his facebook page I would put you
his facebook page on the video also
in info bar but you have to know
that he is very taken by that because
that these devices therefore necessarily
a lot of people want that
diddy headdress Thursday the headdresses earlier
so if you want an appointment they
you're going to take it now because
I believe that now she is
available for the month of July it is
tell you
so go already right now for
those also you ask me how
it happens that I make colors that
I am going to discolorations and so on and
that my hair is not doing well
wrong it's very simple two weeks
before coloring or staining I
do me protein care and so with
the smoothing shampoo of the hydra range
relaxation of farid abbots that contains
proteins also finally making me some
masks before my shampoo with by
example coconut oil avocado oil
I give him rice protein or
silk proteins
this is the famous fire care proteins and
So it is two weeks before the
colorations with the colorations that I make
this care so once a week so
I do this treatment twice before the
colorations with colorations and after
discoloration or staining
I do not hesitate to treat myself
deep for example I had used the
mask hydra force of farid abbots the
night mask where I'm going to use the
deep and secret mask of the oly who
is lemon something like that
here and in fact I will not hesitate
if I feel that my hair is tired
to make me two deep masks by
week so here we go
deep masco and co h for example if
I made my color
my color or fading on saturday
and that say I see my hair
are tired batchelor puts a care
deep so deep care so care
before shampoo shampoo after
shampoos masks and then I
do my routine
so I have a deep care routine
how living room that is on my channel I
you would put the video somewhere or
if they would also be fake
but so here I do not hesitate if there is
Although my fading color I
see that my hair is kind of super
tired of deep care sailing in general
if I do deep caring the week to
the week of games hell 1 1 and
then I will follow deep care
every week or every ten
days
in general things I recover well
that's it so I also want to
do a little parenthesis and to you
to say that all girls who want
to have colored or discolored hair
but who are in mode I do not think
care of my hair the concept of the
staining or discoloration this is
not to have a cup at the willis bruce
and that's the skull in a brilliant way
libri because there is no bedside
on it so here's one to know what
we want if you want hair
colorful and at the same time healthy
you have to put the sounds you need to
to have the patience one has to do when I
say it all the time we do not have all the
same heritage we are not all equal
in all that there are girls who go
to make repetitive discolorations
who have jockey hair that have
hair that keeps all that stuff and
do not need to care this
is not a majority
here we go we do not forget to
to care or if one is a
flemish and that we want color either
we have no problem with skulls
shaved
either we do not make any colors
simply
in fact this is it sounds a bit
annoying for the end of the video
but I had to say because
coloration of colorations is not
necessarily synonymous with hair in
decline
this is me, I make you fat
kisses and I tell you next time
in another video lease
a few weeks